pass tests/userprog/args-none
FAIL tests/userprog/args-single
FAIL tests/userprog/args-multiple
FAIL tests/userprog/args-many
FAIL tests/userprog/args-dbl-space
pass tests/userprog/create-empty
pass tests/userprog/create-long
pass tests/userprog/create-normal
pass tests/userprog/create-exists
pass tests/userprog/open-missing
pass tests/userprog/open-normal
pass tests/userprog/open-twice
pass tests/userprog/read-normal
pass tests/userprog/read-zero
pass tests/userprog/write-normal
pass tests/userprog/write-zero
pass tests/userprog/close-normal
pass tests/userprog/exec-once
pass tests/userprog/exec-multiple
pass tests/userprog/wait-simple
pass tests/userprog/wait-twice
